and my engineering work.
Situated on the summit of the People's kimono meeting,
I want to work as an systematic operator for the public to have public opinions.
Mikai Yoku is writing about me3
in the next chapter,
journalist who denigrate their besonders
To fight a upload of politicization in behalf of the regime
people need to take personal initiatives
in their lives
to spread public service
through politics
by working in the market
The реб kim meaning grab
Not the feeling you get
and the relationship between the Taisei Yoku San Association and the Taisei Yoku San Association,
and the practice of self-politics and the practice of the Taisei Yoku San Association's
national movement promotion, etc.
These are the reasons why we are trying to establish the Yoku San political system
on the basis of these principles.
The youth shown in the third place of the public opinion is that.
In the past, the United States, which had to rule the world ideologically or economically,
has now reached the point of collapse due to the expansion of the water and the rise of the Imperial Army.
However, today, when the whole world is covered by the war,
the most important global problem is that,
in the midst of this war,
we should establish a new order in the whole world by means of such a method.
The Imperial Army has made a great effort to the whole nation to establish the Taohwa New Order.
In addition, the efforts that have been paid for the Shina
are something that no other country in the world can imitate.